CPU benchmarks:
The results are very much in line with our expectations: Native execution results in the highest performance, with
Docker only a bit behind. This is due to Docker having very little overhead. KVM is only slightly slower than Docker, which 
is not surprising given that Linpack can be run mostly in user mode. QEMU without KVM is an order of magnitude slower than the 
other solutions due to it actually emulating the hardware.

Memory benchmarks:
The memory results are mostly similar to those of the CPU benchmarks, again for the same reasons. The one surprise here is 
Docker being slower than KVM, which is something we don't really see a reason for as Docker should in theory be at least 
just as fast as KVM. The measurements are also don't show a very high variance, so measuring errors are not an explanation either.
Maybe Docker somehow limits the memory access of individual containers by default?

Disk benchmarks:
As expected, native execution has the best results closely followed by Docker which does not have to deal with any abstractions.
KVM however struggles a lot more here, which might be because third generation hardware virtualization does not work here, because 
it relies on guests exclusively owning a device. This means that I/O will have to go through the hypervisor first.

Fork benchmark:
Again we have native in first and QEMU without KVM in last place, which is completely expected. KVM outperforming Docker however is not, 
especially by such a wide margin. Here we can only speculate that this might be due to Docker sharing its kernel with the host, which 
then leads to some sort of bottleneck there?

Regarding the second question: Forking a rumpkernel process would also duplicate its communication with the host, which would 
corrupt communication. Rumprun does implement its own fork function rumpclient_fork(), which takes care of that and 
allows us to use fork on the rumpkernel platform.

Nginx Benchmarks: Initial behavious was as expected. The fairly lightweight Docker was close to native while, KVM and QEMU were slower at arround half speed. This is as expected. For some reason Docker and Native had a large drop in performance. I speculate that this might be related to a restart of the machine inbetween these measurements.